Write your reflection here.

See reflection.md for what makes a good reflection — be specific, use the
terminology from this assignment (rerun, widget, return value, guard, bytes vs.
text, decode, session state, initialise once, button-triggered, metric), and make
it actionable.

This assignment focused on deeply understanding the process behind building a streamlit app
and developing a UI for users to interact with. The core of the assignment was 3 apps serving
increasingly more functionality in one_package.py, process_file.py, and process_files.py. One_package.py introduced the idea of
formatting streamlit layouts with st.title, st.info, and st.success, and using if statements to display data conditional on
user inputs. Process_file.py advanced this by using st.file_uploader to process a file as a list of user inputs/packages, and
process_files.py introduced the concept of session states and history to track data across reruns and also maintain more data
than the previous two files.

What I Learned:
One_package.py required me to understand the process of iterating through dictionaries, or at least remember
the syntax for doing so in python. It was also a useful exercise in running streamlit side by side to my code, rerunning to
see my updates and the difference between streamlit widgets. Process_files.py required me to translate an uploaded file from
bytes to text, and then transform that text into actionable strings to use packaging_parser.py's functions to extract information
from the text file input. I also decided to use os to construct absolute file paths as manually creating the strings was not working
to create and dump json outputs. os.abspath gives the entire directory path to the __file__ (current file), and then for this project
I had to go back a directory to reach the data directory. I also learned to use file.name from st.file_uploader to get the string value
of a file object. Process_files was the most intensive and coding heavy, as I had to ensure files processed only when the st.button mapped to
key="process" is True (clicked). I also made use of a history dictionary in the streamlit session state to ensure that files previously accessed
were not ran again by the process file button. I also added a reset button to clear the history and reset the session state counters. This file
also showed me how to use streamlit columns and metrics to create better displays, and also to utilize session states to ensure objects appear in
the correct orientation on the page.

What confuses you? Where did you struggle?
I struggled with actually writing/dumping the json files into the data directory. I have used Path and pathlib previously, but wanted a
little bit more experience with utilizing the os library. Os.abspath is similar to pathlib.path.resolve, both giving an ultimate full string path
that accesses the exact directory needed. I also struggled with correctly resetting and updating the session states in process_files.py, as I often
had used the wrong syntax or incorrectly accessed the session state keys. I also originally had the file processing handled in a function, which failed
to meet the assignment's expectation of having files process only on the condition that the process button was True. I was first using an onclick to
bind the button to the function with an arg=[file], but instead had the code be ran under an if statement for the button.

Where might you need more practice?
Of all the things in this assignment, I need to get a better feel for most of the streamlit syntax and the manner of accessing
objects in Python, as I kept finding myself having to look up simple tasks like iterating through a dictionary or what the parameters
of certain streamlit objects were/took.